what's up guys I hope you're doing
fantastic today it is phone season so I
have a special guest introduce yourself
Stefani Tien I firmly wrote for
TechCrunch and I write books a bird can
they write to myself on laptop so calm
and I'm here with Sarah DC Rams and PTO
and I have two pretty interesting phones
as we're recording this they're not out
yet but they will be in your timeline so
this is the pixel XL and this is the
pixel regular version and these are both
ascents second generation models about
these Android phones you guys know that
my Apple 8 plus is my main drivers
samsung has been putting out amazing
phones but this is this truly the purest
form of and it is the purest form of
Android that you can get because Google
doesn't load any crap where carrier wear
or skins it not only updates Sooners and
all those versions but this is this is
basically your Google iPhone there's
gonna be plenty of reviews and
comparisons out there I'm sure this a
fantastic phone as a main driver but I'm
always the most curious about the camera
some video the photo so today we're
going to be doing a video test comparing
these two guys this might be like your
main phone right so what are some of
your first impressions of this thing for
people curious about it I prefer this is
my main driver right now because the
camera is impeccable it's a 12 megapixel
camera and an 8 megapixel on the front
but what's special about this is every
pixel within the matrix is also a
technically of focusing pixel so what
happens is every time you push or tap to
focus it's not only focusing but it's
also getting ready to capture the image
something that I like in this phone it's
something that I like in the notes is
the video camera settings are built into
the camera they're not buried in the
settings wherever this only has three
options basically 4k at 30 frames per
second 1080 at 30 frames per second and
then 720 I don't know why they have 720
720 just for legacy and out of the box
it's actually locked at 1080 you have to
go in here I do not get the 1080 at 30
frames per second as a person who films
at 24 I don't understand why it's so
hard to just add that but I'm sure
there's many apps yeah for you to get to
get there let's test out these cameras
[Music]
this is a comparison to the pixel Excel
to both pixels have same exact camera on
the back in the front
okay testing the audio on this thing
what do you want to say to the world
that just everyone needs to know we're
on Broadway it's sunny it's warm in
October so global warming
[Music]
so what is the front-facing camera honey
bacon camera is an 8 megapixel it caps
off at 1080p okay but it's crazy you
still have selective focus good it looks
really good from is facing camera light
then here's the iPhone um this this is
Union Square it's always happens hip and
Hoffman and it's a Sunday so it's pretty
chill but people are out people are
happy New York's the best city ever
[Music]
so you just took some portrait modes
went to the shots pixel and the iPhone
and honestly the Google portrait would
the blur Lucas Chris artificial and this
looks a bit more natural plus what I
like about the e+ has the face crack
name yeah as a face tracking while you
performing the shot so it feels more
like a real camera right okay so now
it's time to look at what all of this
stuff looks like in a computer and I'll
give some thoughts thank you so much for
helping me Steph now I'm gonna talk call
you Steph
cuz we're better friends now so what's
the obsessed working whistles find you
should I put like a ver jar tackle or a
chronic article minute description put
my Twitter handle and you can put my
laptop Metacom yeah love it and
sometimes I write for the bird which is
awesome they're really cool folks so
cool go follow him guys
hey yo it is the next day in the span of
one day it has become beanie weather in
New York City
I like these but I am now reviewing the
footage that you guys have seen so I'm
gonna share my thoughts but the first
thought on this Google pixel is holy cow
the audio is kind of terrible there are
many things I'm impressed with with this
phone let's like the audio here's just
an example something that is triggers a
lot of people because they're like we're
about to drop it it is so insanely tiny
it sounds like there is a high-pass
filter on it at all times just maxed out
I thought there was something wrong that
maybe might hand was covering the
microphone or something but then as the
pixel reviews have been coming out on
youtube today I've been watching people
as I watch Sam Shepard's and even his
audio I was just kind of like
flabbergasted by it I also did any video
test the iPhone 8 versus the note a and
that is something that I actually notice
in you guys and the Comets pointed out
is how good the audio are me note 8 was
I was impressed by that you know the
iPhone doesn't have the best audio but
it definitely
100% beat the pixel cos yeah also I want
to interrupt this programming for a
quick update all of you guys have been
asking about these certain something
that I built recently with Austin Evans
now it has actually just been in this
box recently because all of this stuff
over here is meant to be moved now I was
gonna say with a little bit of
information for a video that I am
putting out soon it is some sponsored
content with people I'm stoked to be
making a video with but I mentioned that
a small announcement in the video so
let's pretend being surprised when you
hear it in the video to come in my desk
tour video that's coming out so let's
practice being surprised here we go
Oh Mike really sir oh my gosh okay you
ready
here's here's the little announcement
that computer and all that stuff is
packed up being ready to move to an
office I'm gonna be in Anna studio I get
a space outside of my apartment to work
in details will follow and later videos
okay let's get back into it one other
thing that I didn't really like about
the pixels and then what we get into the
good stuff is the footage just seemed
more artifact II what I mean by that is
if you look at the footage usually when
you upload anything to YouTube or any
video on line the more compressed it is
the more blocky it gets so you see
instead of the bajillion million
specific pixels in an image that makes
it look pretty but it gets compressed it
starts making all of those pixels and
unique colors into just like blocks of
colors so it's more blocky and just
artifacting and that's something that I
noticed about the pixel footage straight
out of the phone is it's just artifact
II it was kind of odd some of the things
I liked about the pixel the color is
fantastic the contrast is punchy in it
is more saturated and colorful than the
iPhone the iPhone has a flatter image
and then the note 8 has an either
flatter image you can I talk right and
either and the note 8 has a even flatter
image
the iPhone and the pixel pixel does
color better when these subjects are
backlit we are shooting with the iPhone
and you're shooting to where the Sun is
behind you the colors get really great
and it actually kind of loses a lot of
its color I think that's really
something unique to the iPhone that
maybe isn't the best thing but the
colors on the pixel did great with
backlit subjects the detail in pictures
is in st. you can zoom in on subjects
and it's still gonna be pretty crispy
and sharp I think that's one of the
reasons why this camera is so highly
rated the portrait mode where it blurs
the background was very intense
I think the blur is just super super
intense more intense than the iPhones
portrait mode blur so that made it look
kind of more fake but to be honest if
you put these side-by-side there isn't
that much of a difference but you do
notice some of the details of the Google
pixel it kind of blurs my shoulders as
for the selection of Android phones
there is a lot of good stuff coming out
that I'm obviously going to compare
right next to the new iPhone because I'm
primarily a iPhone user the Google pixel
is a fantastic phone if you're an
Android user I would be kind of stuck in
between the Google pixel to excel and
then the Samsung Note 8 both great
phones but there's definitely noticeable
differences between the two and it just
depends what is important to you so you
guys all the pictures you saw the video
let me know what you think in the
comments down below let me know if you
liked this video hit the subscribe
button for new videos every single week
we got a fun one coming out next and
until next time guys stay peachy okay
[Music]